TODO.md, before:

Client

[ ] - Unit testing (if I have enough time for it)
[ ] - To Split my Routes so they could have a logical tree and try to use Reduser and Context.
[ ] - To use HOC for route guard
[ ] - Error handling and error notifications
[ ] - To Design the Categories page
[ ] - to create an SVG image to be shown when there is no uploaded image yet.
[ ] - Deploy to GitPages/Netlify or other service.
[ ] - Header User dropdown with "My profile", "Favourites", "Logout", "Create".
[ ] - Idea! In "My items for sale" they can be displayed as a table, like in mongoose Compas app.  
[ ] - Idea! When Creating new item - the server to add the owner automatically. 
[ ] - Contact page
[ ] - Image proccessing library
[ ] - Redesign Register and Login
[ ] - 404 page
[ ] - Insteade of like button on Details page, to add Rate button and to have an Dialog that has from 1 to 5 vode options. 
[ ] - To refactor the persistanse of the data from function, to hook, as Ivo showed us Authentication Workshop. May be the items, saved to localstorage, should be an user object, where accesstoken is part of. And on page load to check if there is an user object and after that, to check if the token is expired. The idea is the header to be changed before loading the page, if there is a token, but it is expired. 
[ ] - Filter the top 4 items on home page. 
[ ] - To add Context API to the Details. So the information about the currently selected item can be used by the other nested operations. 
[ ] - Try to use React Redux
[ ] - User profile upgrade.
[ ] - To make the rating stars be dinamic.
[ ] - History bar.
[ ] - To change the colors of the icons on the home page. 
[ ] - Refactor the application.
[ ] - To add one more section to the home page right after the page banner with advantages in Craftities platform.
[ ] - Light and Dark theme



Server
[ ] - Global error handler
[ ] - Deploy to Heroku
[ ] - To create a mongoose model for categories
[ ] - To create a mongoose model for comments



Project
[ ] - Create a README file for the app.









=================================================================================================
Client
[X] - To create sepparate file for user Context and toe App.js to be free of this responcibility
[X] - Ask/ navigate to a new page before delete an item. Dialog, Modal, Pannel?
[X] - Delete an item.
[X] - Edit an Item.
[X] - Logout user.
[X] - Change the header when the session token has expired.
[X] - File storage connected to our app. 

Server
[X] - Logout user

Project

Commit message:

add a listing to a favourites list and add and list new comments

TODO.md, after:

Client
[ ] - Deploy to Heroku
[ ] - Load correct data in the DB 
[ ] - Route guard!
[ ] - Check if I can use Listing context for saving the listing data for further actions. 
[ ] - To Design the Categories page

[ ] - Unit testing (if I have enough time for it)
[ ] - To Split my Routes so they could have a logical tree and try to use Reduser and Context.
[ ] - To use HOC for route guard
[ ] - Error handling and error notifications
[ ] - to create an SVG image to be shown when there is no uploaded image yet.
[ ] - Deploy to GitPages/Netlify or other service.
[ ] - Idea! In "My items for sale" they can be displayed as a table, like in mongoose Compas app.  
[ ] - Idea! When Creating new item - the server to add the owner automatically. 
[ ] - Contact page
[ ] - Image proccessing library
[ ] - Redesign Register and Login
[ ] - 404 page
[ ] - Insteade of like button on Details page, to add Rate button and to have an Dialog that has from 1 to 5 vode options. 
[ ] - To refactor the persistanse of the data from function, to hook, as Ivo showed us Authentication Workshop. May be the items, saved to localstorage, should be an user object, where accesstoken is part of. And on page load to check if there is an user object and after that, to check if the token is expired. The idea is the header to be changed before loading the page, if there is a token, but it is expired. 
[ ] - Filter the top 4 items on home page. 
[ ] - To add Context API to the Details. So the information about the currently selected item can be used by the other nested operations. 
[ ] - Try to use React Redux
[ ] - User profile upgrade.
[ ] - To make the rating stars be dinamic.
[ ] - History bar.
[ ] - To change the colors of the icons on the home page. 
[ ] - Refactor the application.
[ ] - To add one more section to the home page right after the page banner with advantages in Craftities platform.
[ ] - Light and Dark theme



Server
[ ] - Global error handler
[ ] - Deploy to Heroku
[ ] - To create a mongoose model for categories
[ ] - To create a mongoose model for comments



Project
[ ] - Create a README file for the app.









=================================================================================================
Client
[X] - Header User dropdown with "My profile", "Favourites", "Logout", "Create".
[X] - Display comments in listing details page
[X] - To create sepparate file for user Context and toe App.js to be free of this responcibility
[X] - Ask/ navigate to a new page before delete an item. Dialog, Modal, Pannel?
[X] - Delete an item.
[X] - Edit an Item.
[X] - Logout user.
[X] - Change the header when the session token has expired.
[X] - File storage connected to our app. 

Server
[X] - Logout user

Project
